# tem-scripts
Some basic scripts for manipulating files generated by some TEM software

This is a repository currently for simple scripts I've made to help with data processing of TEM images. I'll stress that they are extremely simple and will hopefully be updated (or even made obsolete!) with time.

Currently the repository is as follows:

-------------------------------

fei-dosefrac-resort.sh

This script is designed to sort dose-fractionated files outputted by FEI's tomography software. The files generated by the software are placed in time order rather than angle order, which means third party software (e.g. imod) won't work correctly with them. The script simply reorders the files so they are ordered from -60 ... +60 instead then sorts them into folders for each dataset.

How to use:

$ cd /path/to/dataset

$ sh /path/to/fei-dosefrac-resort.sh

The script should automatically rename any files within your dataset folder where it can now be combined into a stack for use in imod.

Caveats: 

The script relies on a particular filename that our group in Exeter use. A full filename using our system would be:
PilN_8sec_11_001[0.00]-295578-0001
where:
    PilN is the sample name
    8sec is the exposure time
    11 is the 11th collected tomogram of the session
The rest is controlled by the FEI Tomography naming system so 001 is the first set collected for an angle [0.00]. I believe the long number is unique to each image set (I guess this is the 295578th image set?) and 0001 is the first image from the image set.

The script also relies on your dataset running from -60 ... +60 and will mess up your names if you have more or fewer images!
